Readme improvements (#12)
thomashilke/KineticConvolution: README.md

# Kinetic Convolution of Polygonal Tracings
This repository offer an implementation of the concept of kinetic
convolution of polygonal tracings, as introduced in [Gui83] and
extended in [Mil07].

![kinetic convolution of two polygonal tracings](/images/minkowski-sum.png)

# Usage
Add the NuGet reference to the project:
```PowerShell
    dotnet add package Hilke.KineticConvolution --version 0.1.0
```

and import the namespace in your source file:
```C#
    using Hilke.KineticConvolution;
```

> If you want to use the implementation of algebraic number over the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use algebraic numbers instead of `double` data type, import
```

Author: C'est pas exectement ca. C'est vrai que ma formulation initiale etait pas super, mais je propose encore autre chose, pour finir. Je te laisse voir si ca joue pour toi.

Author: Pas de nouvelles, je ferme.
